docs(rustc): Improve discoverable of Cargo docs (#126356)
rust-lang/rust: src/doc/rustc/src/check-cfg.md

> **Note:** No implicit expectation is added when using `--cfg`. Users are expected to
pass all expected names and values using the _check cfg specification_.

> For interacing with this through Cargo,

Reviewer: Is this interacting, or interfacing, or something else?

Author: interacting

> For interacing with this through Cargo,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For interacting with this through Cargo,
```

> For interacing with this through Cargo,
> see [Cargo Specifics - Checking Conditional Configurations](check-cfg/cargo-specifics.md).

Reviewer 2: Isn't a bit redundant to call out the "Checking Conditional Configurations" part inside the check-cfg page?

Why not?
```suggestion
For interacing with this through Cargo,
see the [Cargo Specifics](check-cfg/cargo-specifics.md) subpage.
```

Author: Tweaked the wording
